---
title: Baltimore Tech - Full-Stack Developer
layout: jobpost
position: Full-Stack Developer
alt: Full-time Position in New York
company: MindGrub
location: New York
tag: FullStack
---

<pre>
Publishing Services, an Agora company, is looking for an ERP Operations Specialist to join its
team in Baltimore, MD. This role is based on The Agora’s main campus – where every day,
roughly 1,200 people work as part of the organization.

The ERP Operations Support Specialist will be responsible for the day to day support of the
Publishing Services Advantage system and ensuring the highest quality service in a timely,
accurate and professional manner. This person will also monitor the daily system audits to
ensure processes are running as expected and any discovered problems are reported and
fixed immediately. The ERP Operations Support Specialist will also be responsible for the
integration of tax software with Advantage to ensure products are taxed at the appropriate
rates. Lastly this position will work closely with their Electronic Payment Processing team to
ensuring timely order and credit card processing.

You can learn more about Publishing Services by checking out their “Workplace Highlight”
blog post.

<strong><u>Responsibilities</u></strong>
Monitor and report on their daily system audits to ensure system integrity.
Maintain tax integration software to ensure Advantage items are being taxed at the correct
rate.
Assist the Electronic Payments Processing team on Advantage related projects and issues.
Handle Advantage support tickets as needed.
Qualifications
1-2 years of experience using an ERPCRM solution.
Experience with MS SQL Server would be a plus.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Excellent time-management and organizational skills.
Ability to change tasks as needed to meet business priorities.
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment with minimal supervision and major responsibility.
Ability to work well independently and on a team.
If interested, please submit a resume and cover letter to the link provided.

<strong><u>About Publishing Services</u></strong>
At Publishing Services, they create, customize, and manage the enterprise applications suite
that support The Agora Companies. Their passion and progressive ingenuity has shaped and
strengthened the marketing industry at large.

Their inventors address the diverse needs of their clients through customization and
innovation. If a vendor's technology doesn't quite cut it, they’ll buy it, break it down for parts,
and rebuild it. When the technology simply does not exist, they build it from scratch.
Publishing Services’ proprietary systems have changed the landscape of media and digital
marketing, elevating their clients as industry front runners.

The support teams at Publishing Services partner with clients to implement and manage their
applications, optimizing key business functionality and allowing them to focus on making
money…hand over fist.

Here, you can explore a cutting-edge market, discover your career, and accumulate extensive
experience with the best in the business.
</pre>
<div class="apply btn btn-olive rounded-pill mt-4">Apply</div>
